Cloud Computing 101: The cloud is a part of everyday life. For companies everywhere, it’s become an ideal solution for their technology needs. With its ability to scale, on-demand solutions, and flexible pricing, companies can focus on bringing their ideas to life rather than buying and managing servers.What does this mean for your career? If you’re interested in a job in technology, knowledge of cloud computing is essential. Start with Cloud Computing 101 to build a foundation and grow your expertise
Skills to Succeed: Learn about the AWS solutions that companies large and small and across the globe use to build their businesses, including compute, storage, analytics, databases, networking, and developer tools.
 
Application Developers are behind the apps that people use every day, from travel to shopping to connecting with the world. They work on all aspects of app development, from identifying requirements to building prototypes to continuously making improvements. If you like collaborating with multiple teams and owning the development work to bring web and mobile apps to life, check out the Application Developer Pathway today.
Skills to Succeed: Start learning the skills Application Developers use to design, test, and maintain software apps, including application architecture, web and mobile development, coding, and programming.
 
Cloud Support Associates use their expertise in cloud computing and AWS solutions to answer customer questions and solve technology challenges every day.If you’re curious, excited by the future of cloud computing, and enjoy working directly with customers, get started with the Cloud Support Associate Pathway today.
Skills to Succeed: Learn about the expertise Cloud Support Associates use to help customers, including in network architecture, database management, operating systems, and scripting and programming languages.
 
Cloud Support Engineers work with companies every day to help them move their technology to the cloud and solve different types of technical challenges. They’re also the voice of the customer and provide feedback on customer needs when working with engineering teams to develop new features. Start this pathway today if you like the idea of developing your cloud computing expertise to help customers find solutions to complex issues.
Skills to Succeed: Learn about the skills Cloud Support Engineers use to troubleshoot customer challenges, including operating systems like Windows and Linux, network architecture, web applications, and security.
 
Cybersecurity Specialist: As the world becomes more connected, security will continue to be a foundational element of technology. Cybersecurity Specialists use their expertise to identify security risks and protect computer systems, networks, applications, and data. Dive into the Cybersecurity Specialist Pathway if you’re interested in the skills needed to keep technology and data safe today and in the future.
Skills to Succeed: Learn about the skills and expertise Cybersecurity Specialists use to keep user information safe in the cloud, including network protocols, coding, and risk identification and management.
 
Data Integration Specialists develop creative solutions to combine data from multiple locations into one place. This enables businesses look at the big picture to understand how to improve and develop new products. If you’re excited by the idea of helping companies grow through data integration and automation, start building your skills with the Data Integration Specialist Pathway.
Skills to Succeed: Big data, relational databases, and scripting languages are among the knowledge and skills Data Integration Specialists use every day to tell stories and find solutions through data.
 
Data Scientists analyze large amounts of data to identify opportunities, inform business strategies, and solve customer challenges. They work with experts to develop and automate processes, metrics, and long-term, scalable solutions. If you have strong quantitative and analytical skills and enjoy diving into data to uncover patterns and solutions, explore the Data Scientist Pathway to grow your expertise. 
Skills to Succeed: Learn about the diverse knowledge and skills Data Scientists use every day, including big data analytics and visualization, relational and non-relational databases, and programming languages.
 
DevOps Engineers are the first line of defense to tackle software application issues that could disrupt the customer experience. They work behind the scenes with different teams to identify, implement, and monitor software applications, as well as identify ways to automate manual processes. If you’re a problem solver who enjoys working with multiple technologies, explore the DevOps Engineer Pathway today to learn more.
Skills to Succeed: Learn about the diverse range of skills DevOps Engineers use to build apps and troubleshoot issues, including knowledge of coding and scripting languages, databases, and application servers.

Machine Learning Scientists create the products of the future. They collaborate with subject matter experts, design algorithms, and develop predictive data models that result in new features and enhancements that delight customers.If you have a passion for diving deep into data and software development and want to shape the customer experiences of tomorrow, get started with the Machine Learning Scientist Pathway today.
Skills to Succeed: Learn about the diverse knowledge and skills Machine Learning Scientists use every day, including distributed systems, programming and scripting, and data analytics.

Software Development Engineers are versatile. They can build groundbreaking customer features or develop the backend infrastructures that support them. They are creative and passionate about using software engineering principles to solve challenges across a wide array of technologies.If you enjoy coding and software applications and want to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, get started with the Software Development Engineer Pathway today.
Skills to Succeed: Learn about the skills you need to design, test, and launch applications, including software development, data structures, and experience with programming and scripting languages.
 
Solutions Architects use their knowledge of the latest cloud computing technologies to work with customers to build innovative AWS cloud infrastructures and solve technical challenges.Get started today to learn about the unique mix of technical, leadership, and communication skills Solutions Architects use to develop customer strategies and solutions.
Skills to Succeed: Start learning about the skills and expertise Solutions Architect use to shape cloud strategies, including knowledge of AWS solutions, network architecture, databases, software development, and programming and scripting languages.

Web Development Engineers design, build, and improve websites and features that stand out for their innovation and accessibility. They work with different teams to understand customer needs to ensure they’re creating the right experience. If you’re interested in learning more about the skills you need to develop the next cutting-edge web experience, dive into the Web Development Engineer Pathway today.
Skills to Succeed: Dive into the skills Web Development Engineers need to create dynamic, scalable customer sites and apps, including software development, data structures, and programming and scripting languages like JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.
